Locally orderable (part 3) (#1404)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000154/properties/P000120.md

---
space: S000154
property: P000120
value: false
---

> Every neighbourhood of $\infty$ is homeomorphic to $X$ and {S154|P133}.

Author: Written an explicit proof. Will copy to S157 when approved.

> Suppose an open neighbourhood $U$ of $\infty$ is orderable. Assume that $(\leftarrow,\infty)_U$ is uncountable. Pick a point $x_0\in(\leftarrow,\infty)_U$. It is isolated, hence it has a successor $x_1$. Applying this argument inductively we construct an increasing sequence $(x_n)_{n=0}^\infty\subset (\leftarrow,\infty)_U$. Note that for each $n<\omega$ the interval $(\lefttarrow,x_n]_U$ is finite. Since $(\leftarrow,\infty)_U$ is uncountable, there exists $y\in \bigcap_{n=0}^\infty (x_n,\infty)_U$ and the open interval $(y,\righatarrow)_U$ is a not cofinite neighbourhood of $\infty$. A contradiction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose an open neighbourhood $U$ of $\infty$ is orderable. Assume that $(\leftarrow,\infty)_U$ is uncountable. Pick a point $x_0\in(\leftarrow,\infty)_U$. It is isolated, hence it has a successor $x_1$. Applying this argument inductively we construct an increasing sequence $(x_n)_{n=0}^\infty\subset (\leftarrow,\infty)_U$. Note that for each $n<\omega$ the interval $(\leftarrow,x_n]_U$ is finite. Since $(\leftarrow,\infty)_U$ is uncountable, there exists $y\in \bigcap_{n=0}^\infty (x_n,\infty)_U$ and the open interval $(y,\rightarrow)_U$ is a not cofinite neighbourhood of $\infty$. A contradiction.
```

The proof itself is correct.

I have no opinion about to use manual proof or use pi-base explore. @prabau

Author: Do you know a compact search for this? As I remember the justification for ~LOTS it took at least 4 traits and was not very appealing in general.
